[mytv]
www.raitre.rai.it;Rai Tre
www.raiuno.rai.it;Rai Uno
www.raidue.rai.it;Rai Due
www.canale5.com;Canale 5
www.italia1.com;Italia 1
www.rete4.com;Rete 4
www.la7.it;La 7
www.mtv.it;Mtv
www.eurosport.com;Eurosport
www.canaljimmy.it;Jimmy
premium.raisat.it;RaiSat Premium
skycinema1.skytv.it;Sky Cinema 1
skysport1.skytv.it;Sky Sport 1
www.studiouniversal.it;Studio Universal
www.thehistorychannel.co.uk;The History Channel
www.discovery-italia.com;Discovery Channel
www.disneychannel.it;Disney Channel
fox.skytv.it;Fox
www.ngcitalia.it;National Geographic Channel
[wfactory]
www.canale5.com;Canale 5
www.eurosport.com;Eurosport
www.raitre.rai.it;Rai 3
www.raiuno.rai.it;Rai 1
www.raidue.rai.it;Rai 2
www.la7.it;La7
www.mtv.it;MTV/Tmc2
fox.skytv.it;FOX
www.italia1.com;Italia 1
www.canaljimmy.it;Jimmy
www.rete4.com;Rete 4
skycinema1.skytv.it;Sky Cinema 1
skycinema3.skytv.it;Sky Cinema 3
skysport1.skytv.it;Sky Sport 1
skysport2.skytv.it;Sky Sport 2
www.studiouniversal.it;Studio Universal
premium.raisat.it;RaiSat Premium
www.reteallmusic.it;Rete A All music
dueltv.skytv.it;Duel Tv
www.happychannel.it;Happy Channel
cinemaworld.raisat.it;RaiSat Cinema World
extra.raisat.it;RaiSat Extra
skycinema169.skytv.it;Sky Cinema 16:9
cultcni.skytv.it;Cult Network Italia
skycinemaautore.skytv.it;Sky Cinema Autore
skycinemamax.skytv.it;Sky Cinema Max
foxlife.skytv.it;Fox Life
skysport3.skytv.it;Sky Sport 3
skycinemaclassics.skytv.it;Sky Cinema Classics
[skytv]
www.raitre.rai.it;Rai Tre
www.raiuno.rai.it;Rai Uno
www.raidue.rai.it;Rai Due
www.canale5.com;Canale 5
www.italia1.com;Italia 1
www.rete4.com;Rete 4
www.la7.it;La7
www.canaljimmy.it;Jimmy
fox.skytv.it;Fox
foxcrime.skytv.it;Fox Crime
paramountcomedy.skytv.it;Paramount Comedy
moviepromo.skytv.it;Movie Promo
sailingchannel.skytv.it;Sailing Channel
test7.skytv.it;Test 7
sportspromo.skytv.it;Sports Promo
inarrivo.skytv.it;In Arrivo
adventureone.skytv.it;Adventure One
mtchannel.skytv.it;MT Channel
planete.skytv.it;Planete
mosaicoaudio.skytv.it;Mosaico Audio
gxt.skytv.it;GXT
animalplanet.skytv.it;Animal Planet
jetix.skytv.it;Jetix
jetix1.skytv.it;Jetix +1
eentertaiment.skytv.it;E! Entertaiment
skyonair.skytv.it;Sky On Air
extra.raisat.it;Raisat Extra
premium.raisat.it;Raisat Premium
skycinema1.skytv.it;SKY Cinema 1
skycinema2.skytv.it;SKY Cinema 2
skycinema3.skytv.it;SKY Cinema 3
skycinemaautore.skytv.it;SKY Cinema Aut
skycinemamax.skytv.it;SKY Cinema Max
skycinema169.skytv.it;SKY Cinema 16:9
skysport169.skytv.it;SKY Sport 16:9
www.studiouniversal.it;Studio Universal
cinemaworld.raisat.it;Raisat Cinema W.
skycinemaclassics.skytv.it;SKY Cinema Classics
foxlife.skytv.it;Fox Life
www.happychannel.it;Happy
dueltv.skytv.it;Duel TV
skytg24meteo.skytv.it;SKY TG 24 Meteo
www.ngcitalia.it;National Geo
www.thehistorychannel.co.uk;History Channel
gamberorosso.raisat.it;Raisat Gambero R
www.marcopolo.tv;Marcopolo
www.alice.tv;Alice
www.leonardo.tv;Leonardo
www.discovery-italia.com;Discovery Ch
science.discovery-italia.com;Discovery Sc
civilisation.discovery-italia.com;Discovery Civ
rt.discovery-italia.com;Discovery RT
travel.discovery-italia.com;Discovery Tr/Ad
a1.skytv.it;A1
piu1.thehistorychannel.co.uk;History Ch +1
piu1.ngcitalia.it;National Geo +1
piu1.cartoonnetwork.it;Cartoon +1
www.cartoonnetwork.it;Cartoon Network
www.mtv.it;MTV
hits.mtv.it;MTV Hits
brandnew.mtv.it;MTV Brand New
boomerang.cartoonnetwork.it;Boomerang
www.disneychannel.it;Disney Channel
ragazzi.raisat.it;Raisat Ragazzi
www.italiateen.it;Italian Teen TV
www.videoitalia.it;Video Italia
www.deejay.it;Deejay TV
www.matchmusic.it;Match Music
www.rocktv.it;Rock TV
nickelodeon.skytv.it;Nickelodeon
www.bbcprime.com;BBC Prime
skysport1.skytv.it;SKY Sport 1
skysport2.skytv.it;SKY Sport 2
skysport3.skytv.it;SKY Sport 3
skysportextra.skytv.it;SKY Sport Extra
primafila01.skytv.it;Prima Fila 1 
primafila02.skytv.it;Prima Fila 2 
primafila03.skytv.it;Prima Fila 3 
primafila04.skytv.it;Prima Fila 4 
primafila05.skytv.it;Prima Fila 5 
primafila06.skytv.it;Prima Fila 6 
primafila07.skytv.it;Prima Fila 7 
primafila08.skytv.it;Prima Fila 8 
primafila09.skytv.it;Prima Fila 9 
primafila10.skytv.it;Prima Fila 10
primafila11.skytv.it;Prima Fila 11
primafila12.skytv.it;Prima Fila 12
primafila13.skytv.it;Prima Fila 13
primafila14.skytv.it;Prima Fila 14
primafila15.skytv.it;Prima Fila 15
primafila16.skytv.it;Prima Fila 16
primafila17.skytv.it;Prima Fila 17
primafila18.skytv.it;Prima Fila 18
primafila19.skytv.it;Prima Fila 19
primafila20.skytv.it;Prima Fila 20
primafila21.skytv.it;Prima Fila 21
primafila22.skytv.it;Prima Fila 22
primafila23.skytv.it;Prima Fila 23
primafila24.skytv.it;Prima Fila 24
primafila25.skytv.it;Prima Fila 25
primafila26.skytv.it;Prima Fila 26
primafila27.skytv.it;Prima Fila 27
primafila28.skytv.it;Prima Fila 28
primafila29.skytv.it;Prima Fila 29
primafila30.skytv.it;Prima Fila 30
primafila31.skytv.it;Prima Fila 31
primafila32.skytv.it;Prima Fila 32
primafila33.skytv.it;Prima Fila 33
primafila34.skytv.it;Prima Fila 34
primafila35.skytv.it;Prima Fila 35
primafila36.skytv.it;Prima Fila 36
calciosky01.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 1
calciosky02.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 2
calciosky03.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 3
calciosky04.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 4
calciosky05.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 5
calciosky06.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 6
calciosky07.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 7
calciosky08.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 8
calciosky09.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 9
calciosky10.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 10
calciosky11.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 11
calciosky12.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 12
calciosky13.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 13
calciosky14.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 14
cacciaepesca.skytv.it;Caccia e Pesca
www.eurosport.com;Eurosport
eurosport2.skytv.it;Eurosport 2
eurosportnews.skytv.it;Eurosport News
www.espnclassicsport.com;ESPN Classic
www.nuvolari.tv;Nuvolari
www.snai.it;Snai Sat
www.milanchannel.it;Milan Channel
interchannel.inter.it;Inter Channel
www.asromacalcio.it;Roma Channel
direttagol.skytv.it;SKY Diretta GOL
skytg24.skytv.it;SKY TG24
www.tv5.org;TV5 Europe
www.cfn.it;CFN (Italian)
www.bloomberg.it;Bloomberg
www.rainews24.rai.it;Rai News 24
edition.cnn.com;CNN Intl
www.skynews.it;Sky News
www.foxnews.com;Fox News
www.cnbceurope.com;CNBC Europe
www.bbcworld.com;BBC World
classica.skytv.it;Classica
www.hallmarkchannel.com;Hallmark Channel
cultcni.skytv.it;Cult (CNI)
playhousedisney.skytv.it;Playhouse Disney
109.skytv.it;SKY Canale 109
www.cfn.tv;Class-Cnbc
skyvivo.skytv.it;SKY Vivo
www.axn.it;AXN
